# Project 4: User Interaction Dashboard

This project is data visualization and dashboard creation.
#### Project Description
User Interaction Dashboard project aims to provide content analysis managers with a tool to track user engagement with different topics of cards and sources on the website. The dashboard will enable managers to explore the relationship between article topics and source topics and group data by date and time, theme of the card, source topic, and age group. Data analysis, data visualization, and dashboard creation using SQL and Tableau.

#### Project Language
English, Russian

#### Project files
01. [Presentation in Englsih]()
02. [Presentation in Russian]()
03. [Dashboard in English](https://public.tableau.com/views/DzenDashboard_16734756976880/DashboardDzen?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)
04. [Dashboard in Russian](https://public.tableau.com/views/DzenDashboardru/_?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link) 


#### Project steps

##### **Collection and preparation of data**

The first step in the project will be to collect and prepare the data needed for the dashboard. This will include extracting the required data from the zen database. The data will be cleaned and processed to make sure it is suitable for analysis and the result will be presented as a file.

##### **Dashboard development** 
The next step is to develop a dashboard using the Tableau tool. A dashboard should be user-friendly and visually appealing, and be able to display data in a clear and meaningful way.

##### **Analysis and visualization**

The control panel will be designed in such a way that it is possible to analyze the interaction of users with cards, broken down by card topics. It should also be able to display the number of cards generated by sources with different themes, as well as the relationship between card themes and source themes.

##### **Testing and Deployment**
The developed dashboard will be tested to make sure that all the requirements mentioned above are met and the dashboard behaves as expected. The final step is to deploy the panel to the Tableau Public platform for use by content analytics managers. Setting up access control and security measures.



